do you like being a vampire son i'm good
at this i was never very good at being
human
immortality is a miracle we are blessed
what happens when there isn't a single
drop left these are desperate times
we only have enough blood to sustain our
population until the end of the month
we're talking about the extinction of
the human race if a blood substitute is
not found immediately
this a substitute would replace our need
for a human supply there will always be
those who are willing to pay extra for
the real thing
we need your help we want to rebuild the
human race
a blood substitute is not a cure i was
like you once
am not no more who are you
we're the folks with the crossbows
that last breath of humanity will vanish
as soon as the blood does
i found a cure i can change you back
what's the cure
[Music]
they could kill you i'm already dead it
doesn't hurt me
can anyone hear me
i found feels
be running up that road
[Music]
you